I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Really awful.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing? it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0